=encoding utf8

=head1 NAME

Test::Mojo::Role::MCP - Role for testing MCP Servers with Test::Mojo

=head1 DESCRIPTION

L<Test::Mojo::Role::MCP> is a role for L<Test::Mojo> that provides helper methods for testing MCP Servers. It includes
methods for initializing the MCP Client and listing prompts, resources, and tools.

=head1 ATTRIBUTES

L<Test::Mojo::Role::MCP> composes the following attributes:

=head2 mcp_client

  my $client = $test->mcp_client;

Returns an instance of L<MCP::Client> initialized with the test's user agent and the MCP endpoint.

=head2 mcp_path

  my $path = $test->mcp_path;

The path to the MCP endpoint. Defaults to C</mcp>.

=head2 mcp_res

  my $response = $test->mcp_res;

Stores the response of the last MCP Client operation for inspection in tests.

=head1 METHODS

L<Test::Mojo::Role::MCP> composes the following methods:

=head2 mcp_call_tool_ok

  $test->mcp_call_tool_ok($tool, $args, $desc);

Calls a tool on the MCP Server with the given arguments and checks that the response is a hash reference.

=head2 mcp_client_init_ok

  $test->mcp_client_init_ok($name, $version, $desc);

Initializes the MCP Client and checks that the response matches the expected server name and version.

=head2 mcp_get_prompt_ok

  $test->mcp_get_prompt_ok($prompt, $args, $desc);

Gets a prompt from the MCP Server with the given arguments and checks that the response is a hash reference.

=head2 mcp_list_prompts_ok

  $test->mcp_list_prompts_ok($desc);

Lists the prompts available from the MCP Server and checks that the response is a hash reference.

=head2 mcp_list_resources_ok

  $test->mcp_list_resources_ok($desc);

Lists the resources available from the MCP Server and checks that the response is a hash reference.

=head2 mcp_list_tools_ok

  $test->mcp_list_tools_ok($desc);

Lists the tools available from the MCP Server and checks that the response is a hash reference.

=head2 mcp_json_is

  $test->mcp_json_is($expect, $desc);

Checks that the last MCP Client response matches the expected data structure.

=head2 mcp_read_resource_ok

  $test->mcp_read_resource_ok($uri, $desc);

Reads a resource from the MCP Server with the given URI and checks that the response is a hash reference.


=cut

